hi i'm andrew from fishing basins in and
this is the thirties 4.85 I'm going to
stand to take you through the various
features on this boat it's going to
start at the back again where the Yamaha
it's a nice balance on the spoke we get
33 knots out of it
so if you're into your fishing and a bit
of watersports it's a perfect balance on
the spider so here we've got a bait
station we can cut out three rods put
our knives in here this is also nuts out
which is quite a new feature that it
works very well we've got a nice height
as well for cutting your bait and
fitting just here to tow tanks here and
they they get tied up and by this stripe
here so they're completely out of the
road we're running a fuel filter that
would be when the outboard and our
batteries are stacked on under there but
the 4.85
the ballast on this is a hundred and
eighty liters so it's equivalent of two
good-sized people and what that does is
at rest it gives us nice stability at
rest so when we stop the fish underway
what we can do is lock that water end so
it's the same leader here and that's
locked Duncan yep that's going to give
us a lot bit of punch from sea so what
happens is the the nose is is heavier so
we've got more more more weight forward
and we get it we're getting a lot better
ride through the seat it's gonna take
you through the different other features
rod holders one two three four five six
seven so there's plenty of space for you
pull your rods but up top here we look
up here we've got a rocket launcher
which again was a new feature last year
this illness and extra five rods it also
gives a nice place to put our our anchor
light and our stimuli finder - this has
it's a very good place of someone to
hold on to so we can the third or the
fourth passenger can hold on to here
it's very firm they're not they're not
holding a flimsy firmly top two seats
these on sliders so they slide forward
and back and they also to find your
position for fishing also there's quite
very good storage on the spot we've got
shelving here and here without our bait
tank underneath there also got shelving
under each seat under here and through
each side this here is a there's a
footrest firstly secondly there's a
whopping equipment coming back so we put
out our gear fooled of that at Kingston
it stays up here and sliding back onto
your pond yeah my high 8070 we're
running fuel management so running a two
round gauges on one side here we've got
the tech oh and this is giving us a
battery voltage our trimmer now and our
RPM on the summer side here we've got
our our speed and our fuel so we're
getting economy liters per nautical mile
our trip distance and total fuel used so
it allows you to not having to rely so
much on the on the toe tags you can you
know exactly what you're using at all
times
through here we've got a nice big hatch
for both the sides nice easy access that
opens up get our anchor out very easily
nice access another option which I don't
have on the spiders that caps them which
will be put here and that would mean you
can just use a purse and pull all the
line and chain and you can just wrap it
around and pull it up